.TH cocito 8 "13 October 2002" "Version 0.1" "Linux System Administration"
.SH NAME
cocito \- Linux intrusion detection system server
.LP
Thereby Cocytus wholly was congealed.
            [Dante, Inferno, XXXIV, 52] 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B cocito
.RB [ " \-h " ]
.RB [ " \-v " ]
.RB [ " \-F " ]
.RB [ " \-c "
.I config file
]
.LP
.B cocito_hup
.LP
.B cocito_testconf
.LP
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B
cocito
is a stand alone daemon that monitors system statuses from clients.
It open a specified tcp port and, by default, forks on background
detaching himself from console that started it. Transactions with
clients, running
.B dite
(see man
.B dite
(8) for more informations) are protected with RSA encryption
from spoofing and similar. News, such as client shutting down or updating,
or incorrect system status getting from a client, are sent to syslog. Please
check
.B syslog.conf
(5)
for more informations about
.B syslogd
daemon.
.LP
.B cocito_hup
is a symlink to
.B cocito
binary to simplify your sending a
.B SIGHUP
to it while running.
.LP
.B cocito_testconf
tests configuration file syntax
.LP
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BI "\-c " "config file"
specify a configuration file for
.B cocito
to read, instead of default one
.TP
.B "\-v"
enable verbose mode; this option is useless if "\-F" is not specified
.TP
.B "\-h"
print help summary
.TP
.B "\-F"
run
.B cocito
in foreground, instead of fork & detach mode
.LP
.SH SIGNALS
.B cocito
reacts to
.B SIGHUP
forcing configuration file parsing and restart
.LP
.SH CONFIGURATION FILE SYNTAX
See configuration file example in your source directory
.LP
.SH FILES
.TP
/etc/cocito.conf
.LP
/var/run/cocito.pid
.LP
/var/log/cocito/*
.PD
.LP
.SH BUGS
Too many to discuss here
.LP
.SH SEE ALSO
.B dite
(8)
.LP
.SH AUTHORS
Project is work-in-progress, feel free to contact authors if you encounter
errors or catch bugs.
.TP
.PD 0
.TP
Mirko Bonasorte
.TP
student in Computer Science Engineering
.TP
Pisa University (Italy)
.TP
mirko.bonasorte@studenti.ing.unipi.it

.TP
Claudio Cicconetti
.TP
student in Computer Science Engineering
.TP
Pisa University (Italy)
.TP
cicconetti@virgilio.it
.PD
.zZ
